Template update to v3.1.2 (#204)
genomic-medicine-sweden/tomte: README.md

18. Alignment QC ([`Picard CollectRnaSeqMetrics`](https://broadinstitute.github.io/picard/))
19. Present QCs ([`MultiQC`](http://multiqc.info/))

## Documentation

> The nf-core/tomte documentation is split into the following pages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The genomic-medicine-sweden/tomte documentation is split into the following pages:
```

> ## Documentation
> 
> The genomic-medicine-sweden/tomte documentation is split into the following pages:
> 
> - [Usage](usage.md)
>   - An overview of how the pipeline works, how to run it and a description of all of the different command-line flags.
> - [Output](output.md)
>   - An overview of the different results produced by the pipeline and how to interpret them.
> 
> You can find a lot more documentation about installing, configuring and running nf-core pipelines on the website: [https://nf-co.re](https://nf-co.re)
> 

Reviewer: Actually, I don't think this part is usually in the `README.md` either.
```suggestion

```
